as far as our disagreements between my team members myself I I don't recall
actually have been to many and none really sticks out like I said
I'm I'm a big fan of this thing called teamwork makes the dream
work so and I understand as a leader that I'm not always right and what
I always want what I what I am what I feel should be done sometimes
there's not what should be done so I don't recall ever having a
situation like that I was I'm a big fan of communication a working through
a situation using my resources which could be such a subject
matter experts in the form of a third class or second class maybe even
a Siemens so you know I don't I don't recall ever having a a major
disagreement I'm also a team as far as solve an issue